Fix meta descriptions (#9399)
pantheon-systems/documentation: source/content/certification/study-guide-cms/04-cdn.md

---
title: WebOps Certification
subtitle: "Chapter 4: Content Delivery Network"

> description: Learn about Pantheon's edge layer and how it can be customized for tailored usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Pantheon's edge layer increases the speed and scalability of all sites on the platform. The Advanced Global CDN can be customized for tailored usage.
```
